Document bucket testing (#2474)
wmde/fundraising-application: doc/Bucket_Testing.md

It also logs the selected buckets of a visitor when an application event occurs 
(e.g. visitors donates, visitor applies for membership, etc) 

The goal of the bucket testing is to measure which application behavior change leads to an 
increase in one of our metrics (number of donations, number of non-anonymous donations, 
number of recurring donations, etc.).

We chose the name "Bucket Testing" instead of the more commonly know name "A/B testing" 
because the system is not limited to two buckets per test.

We designed the system to run bucket tests without URL parameters from banners, 
but we rarely used that functionality.

This is a reference documentation for developers, 
see [How to set up an A/B test](HOWTO_Create_an_a_b_test.md) 
for practical steps for setting up campaigns

## Domain

### Bucket
Each bucket has a *name* and a reference to the *campaign* that it belongs to.
The name must be unique for that campaign.

Each bucket can generate a **Bucket ID**, consisting of the prefix `campaign`,
the campaign name and the bucket name, separated by dots.

Class: `WMDE\Fundraising\Frontend\BucketTesting\Domain\Model\Bucket`

### Campaigns

> Campaigns are a collection of *Buckets*. One of these buckets is the **Default Bucket** - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Campaigns can have 2 or more *Buckets*. One of these buckets is the **Default Bucket** - 
```
very nitpicky:
semantically it makes more sense to me that the campaign can exist without the buckets => the set of buckets does not define the campaign
